Added lines to indicate acceptable geojson source types (#57)
mapbox/tilesets-cli: README.md

tilesets add-source <username> <id> <file>
```

> Adds geojson files to a source for tiling. Accepts standard or line-delimited GeoJSON. Data will be converted to line-delimited GeoJSON prior to adding. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds GeoJSON files to a source for tiling. Accepts line-delimited GeoJSON or GeoJSON feature collections. The CLI converts data will be converted to line-delimited GeoJSON prior to uploading. 
```
